It's four o'clock, this time the car owner,
Suffering,
I got hurt a little bit with your mother and your brother,
After you have a good rest, I will officially let you serve as the designer of the Story Group.
Fulfill your own wishes as a designer.
Really? Thank you, Mom and Dad,
And dear brother, I will definitely do well.
My brother is very pleased that you can continue your dream the day before yesterday.
As long as you want it, my brother will accompany you on this path of being a designer.
In two days, it will be time for us to make birthday wishes for the body again.
As soon as the child passed on her mother's design,
It wasn't him who liked pictures the most back then.
Taking the position of director of the company's design department
Give it to him as a birthday gift
It's the most regrettable and inexpensive one
I can only design you, director
Aqun’s face is his
If only Tianjian could come back
I will immediately send him to Gongjia’s young mistress
I treat her as my biological daughter, the one I love
Just where it is first
Today's birthday
When Aqun comes back, will he be willing to use himself?